Alba Carrillo
has something to tell us, I'm going to start by
using a video of mine
in the chat and because nobody has said anything,
man, no, no, no, no, what is
everyone saying that
it was known, I mean, I'm reading I knew it, we didn't
know it, we knew it, It's a joke, they're
keeping you whatever you want
if they're putting it on you, we knew it, even
in Mexico they put it on you, no,
no, man, no, no, no,
no Listen to me in case someone doesn't know
Marina la piruleta is my other channel
where I have a news program every
morning, okay, if you want to
find out absolutely all the
news about the heart of your
favorite celebrity, put La piruleta on YouTube and
subscribe by activating the bell, I'm going to
use This video of the lollipop to
give context Marina and we comment on it,
super affectionate too Alba Carrillo today
in her Instagram stories
commented that she had just received some
news that everything indicates that she has
won some trial, I am super happy
because they just gave me some really good
news, my mother is coming from the
rehabilitation doctor and all that, I want to say that
today is a very special day for
my family because justice  once again it's
fair it's slow but it's
fair congratulations mom I'm very
happy because we've had to
hear that we had lost things that we
hadn't had to hear we've had to hear
falsehoods vilifications but we've kept
quiet and we've resorted to what we have to
resort to which is justice and
always through legal means in the end which
is not a television dish things
turn out the way they have to turn out we're
super happy So I, the
thing about legal life which is not a
television dish could have been applied to him
when he said barbarities against
Antonio Villa in favor of Rocío Carrasco no
In that sense in this case I
mean not for example for example Well
here he's basically announcing that he's
won a trial, I mean he's saying it
literally and now what is it that I don't know why he does
n't give the specific data Well for
example when they do a trial I say I've
won a trial against this one for this for this for
this and in the trial
this was said but he does it Now here as with
a kind of story and indirect that of
course now we can draw conclusions
that I more or less
now we comment on it but come on I think it would have been
easier and more direct  and
especially now that the network doesn't work
or go to say Of course that's what she
has won And why And when and how
a Friday story is worth it let's say
that there is a person as evil as the devil
who is a woman and we are going to call her whisper
because she is in the ear of
some people
This is referring to María Zambrano
because she is the person with whom
Jorge Javier is talking from the
earpiece when he is on the reality show
when Survivors are presented well he
has María María there it's not that
María has told me here This then
Of course I understand that not mentioning her is
because she is saying this not that she is bad
like Well then that your way the one who
demands is the mother it's not her I It's that I
think that Alba I
don't know it's Alba to see very vehement
and I don't know to what extent speaking like that
well it doesn't matter because as she already has the
Door closed on Telecinco for the
remains already total at this point no but I do
n't know what I don't know yes what I don't know
because when the mother is next to her
she talks and the mother doesn't talk that
surprises me I don't understand
well in the first place because
Instagram is hers and second
place  because the mother is the one in
the lawsuit So since the mother is the one
in the lawsuit, she is being
prudent, prudent who
Of course if the mother speaks and says those
worse than a pain I don't know that I don't know how much,
then they can harm her
not so much because in the end it is
something that comes later but it could
harm her if there is some recourse because
you are still the second instance and
look how they have been with that issue for a long time, I
mean like she well She says justice is
slow, I mean it is slow, fast this is fast
but How long have they been with this, well
done quickly No how fast Look, let's go
[Music] it
was
This was Look I remember how I remember
that day my goodness this was the day
or I remember talking about the 12th of 2021 that
is to say more than a year and a half ago
a year and a half a year and a half like almost more or
less a year and a half this bar this has
gone quickly Marina what I understand
is that the first there was a first
instance in which they condemned the
producer and Jorge not
all parties appealed and now they have
had another resolution but
of course what I would like is  that they
spoke clearly then he heated up The
helmets to another person so that she would
go crazy
heated up The helmets to another person so
that she would go crazy let's see
is he talking about Jorge and
the person or Maria Maria
who is the director always yes but
well heated up Jorge then he is the owner
of the Cortijo in the end neither Maria Zambrano
nor anything Jorge says what he wants We
always go it doesn't take much
terrible against my mother and me
what happened that whisperer later with
time of course he had such a disgust for us that he
couldn't even stand us and let's say that
whisperer
who was a trainee in his day but daughter to
all the well anyway there are trainees who
reach very high and very little time well I did
n't realize that Of course of course that's why he's
not mentioning
that because it's
a strong insinuation it's not known
where this whisper comes from because she was a
trainee who suddenly changes
trainees that's not Of course it's not known anymore But there
are trainees who reach very far there's
very little time of
course that's why he's not giving a name of course it's that let's
go I have seen it as soon as  I
heard I say come on Boom that is
a direct situation come on my God
they put
the title let's put
entertainment look
at director of entertainment So
what happened that happens and a
few days later they send me home but
nothing happens because justice is slow
but it is safe it
seems like an ad for sanitary pads man it is
slowly
from Telecinco if it is very far away one thing
of The other says the few days a few
days not
far away happened happened of course No well no no no no no there is no
more I gave that exclusive
no no no no in 2022 I will give her an
exclusive again that they will extend it for a few weeks they
extended it and I have always given the
exclusives that she was going home I don't know
how no no they extended it they extended it and
then she came back yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I
remember perfectly yes yes yes yes
Alba always let's see Alba has
also pulled the rope a lot eh
When she was with her brother When this is that is that
in survivor it is such I
mean Alba and her mother's relationship with
Mediaset has been tense it has been
total love hate for a long time  I
understand her in some things and I don't in others, they
prolonged it when she won the first
instance,
no, no, she lengthened it independently of the
trials, eh I'm telling you, I mean,
independently, because of her attitude, because of her
attitude, I mean, independently of
these legal issues that also
obviously influence and condition on many
occasions, but regardless of that, if she got her
out, she called her again, the
producer fought for her, Jorge, of course,
Jorge didn't want her there, in fact, Jorge
many times ago, not much, he said something
like, my daughter, it's like, well, for that,
stay, noon, these 300
euros will arrive. And the truth is, do you
remember that? It
was brutal, but let's see, Alba, I'll wait
again. I can't, eh Luis, but
here it goes again. So, the
Carrillo family, relative one and the black side,
zero potato, we're going to have a
dinner today in your honor that
nobody will believe, the son and the son are behind it, I don't
know if it's the son, it's the mother's arm,
gosh, it seems not, but it's that he
's not saying anything. No, I think it's the
mother's arm, but if it were the son, he
hasn't experienced
anything either, the media in particular.  The
Semana magazine has deciphered
the message a little, just like
us, that it's about María Zambrano,
of
course, and that they blame her for the dismissal and
that the blame for the dismissal
is hers. Of course,
Jorge is the visible face, but it's
true that
when I see Jorge in his essence, he
's not Jorge, but
well, I do
n't know, the truth is that if there's one thing she's not,
Alba is one of the few who has always had a
couple of confrontations with Jorge.